Corsair Hall

29.195885
-81.056100
North Chiller



New Residence Hall
The New Residence Hall opened in January 2017 and is located near the center of campus. This five-story facility offers suite-style living to first-year and upperclass students. Students have the option of a double or private room depending on availability. Each wing of the building has a lounge, study room, and laundry room. Half of the ground floor has been designed for community spaces with pool tables, TVs, study areas, and vending machines.
29.190627
-81.052970
Campus Safety
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University shares the concern of students and parents regarding safety on our campus. Accordingly, the Campus Safety & Security Department is actively engaged in collaborating with students, parents, employees, and the community to provide a safer University environment and to treat every individual with respect, fairness and compassion. 
29.190572
-81.053161
Apollo Hall
Designated for sophomore, junior, senior, and graduate students. The 256-bed residential suite-style facility is located just a short walking distance of the Eagle Fitness Center and Tine W. Davis Swimming Pool. Four students share a two-bedroom suite, two students per bedroom. The suite includes a split bathroom and a living room/dining room and kitchenette with a full-sized refrigerator and microwave.  
29.189270
-81.052410
Doolittle Hall
Doolittle Hall is a three-story residence hall typical of traditional university housing and is designated for first-year students. It is located near the center of campus near the Eagle Fitness Center and Tine W. Davis Swimming Pool. Basketball, tennis, and volleyball courts are nearby, as well as picnic tables and barbecue grills. 
29.190665
-81.051184
Bookstore
Show your Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University pride all year long with our authentic assortment of Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University collegiate apparel - including Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University t-shirts, sweatshirts, hats and more. Join the ranks of your fellow Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University students, alumni and team fanatics by sporting the ultimate Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University game day gear We've got Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University gift ideas covered, with options ranging from drinkware to diploma frames to Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University gift cards. Plus, our selection of textbooks, computers, and supplies will ensure every Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University student is prepared for success. 
29.189892
-81.051171
Mail Services
We provide convenience and assistance for all mail & shipping service needs to administration, faculty, http://news.erau.edu/news-briefs/virtual-technology-creates-bridge-for-distance-learning/staff & students ~ We sort & deliver all Incoming mail & packages to campus departments and  student mailboxes and receive & process all Outgoing mail & packages from campus departments in a safe, secure, accurate & timely manner ~ We provide our Counter customers with the most cost effective, reliable and secure method for their Outgoing postal and shipping needs ~ We provide our students with excellent counter services by assisting them with package pickup, mailbox assignments, mail forwarding, replacement keys, tracking requests and general questions 
29.188602
-81.053185
Undergraduate Research and Disability Services
Persons with disabilities can and do succeed in their pursuit of higher education.\nThe mission of Disability Support Services is to guide and support institutional compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act to ensure equal access for students with disabilities of the Daytona Beach and Worldwide Campuses.\nThe University acknowledges the confidential nature of students’ disability-related information and records and ascribes to the federal guidelines (Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act) that mandate control of and restrict access to such information. Note: Unless specifically contraindicated by another title, the confidentiality requirements of Title I of the ADA apply to all titles. 
29.190060
-81.050970
Eagle Fitness Center
The Eagle Fitness Center is located near the center of the Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Campus, offering students, faculty, and staff a convenient place to get in a workout between classes or take a study break in the sun beside the Tine W. Davis Swimming Pool.\nThe 12,000-square-foot Fitness Center houses state-of-the-art strength-training equipment from FreeMotion Fitness, Life Fitness & Hammer Strength, and Iron Grip. A cardio deck on the upper level houses treadmills, elliptical machines, stationary bikes, cross trainers, and rowing machines with integrated technology features such as TVs and iPod and USB connections with Internet connectivity.\nGroup fitness classes are held in a 2,500-square-foot group fitness room that overlooks the swimming pool. Classes vary per semester and include yoga, cycling, core training, Les Mills BODYPUMP, BODYCOMBAT, Zumba, and Boot Camp.\nFitness equipment available for use during classes includes steps, stability balls, BOSU balls, resistance bands, and free weights, as well as 20 spinner bikes.
29.190238
-81.050429
Student Financial Services  
The Student Financial Services Department strives to provide efficient, courteous and excellent customer service to our students, parents, staff and faculty. We offer a variety of services which are accessible online, or in person. Some of these services include: Billing of Tuition and Fees, Student Refunds, Payment Plan and Payroll Check Cashing. 
29.188305
-81.053166
Center For Faith & Spirituality
The Center for Faith and Spirituality and the Chaplain’s Office welcome students, staff, and faculty of all backgrounds, encouraging them in their lives of faith and providing them with opportunities to learn more about their own traditions as well as those of their fellow students and colleagues.\nLocated on the west side of campus near McKay Hall, the Center for Faith and Spirituality has five prayer and meditation rooms which are open to everyone from 6:00 a.m. until 10:00 p.m. The work of the Center includes: Helping students, staff, and faculty find a spiritual home on campus, Promoting healthy and respectful interfaith dialogue, Developing opportunities to live out one’s faith through service to the community, and Providing a home for our religious clubs and organizations. 
29.189352
-81.051039
Racquetball Court
The Racquetball Complex is located near the center of the Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Campus, across from the Eagle Fitness Center and Tine W. Davis Swimming Pool. The complex features four indoor, air-conditioned racquetball/handball courts, two with spectator viewing. The complex is also used for intramural Wallyball.\nCourts are open to students, faculty, staff, and accompanied guests at no charge. Racquetball reservations may be made at the front desk of the Eagle Fitness Center or by calling 386-323-8860. Racquetball rackets can be checked out for free at the Control Desk in the ICI Center, located across from the Campus entrance on Clyde Morris Boulevard. Two courts on the west side of the Racquetball Complex have been renovated to house martial arts for club sports. 
29.189512
-81.050646
Student Support Services, Global Engagement, Honors Program 
The Embry-Riddle Honors Program is highly selective, offering its student members enriched educational experiences. Emphasizing Honors course work in General Education and in the majors, the program involves selected faculty who develop innovative courses and establish mentoring relationships with students. The program is designed to attract and retain top students and to develop their communicative, analytical, critical, and research skills, nurturing a love of life-long learning, leadership and service.  \nAt the Office of Global Engagement, we are deeply passionate about helping students experience the world. Studying Abroad is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to not only visit another country, but to truly experience its culture. \nBefore picking the right program for you, here are some highlights of studying abroad: \nOpportunities around the globe \nSummer, semester, or yearlong programs \nTake courses that apply toward your major\nStudy in English or the native language \nJoin the Travelers Club to experience other cultures on campus \nDon't be a tourist, live abroad! 
29.189552
-81.050230
Advanced Flight Sim Center 
New-generation Flight Training Devices (FTDs) are increasingly valuable in today’s complex flight training environment. Simulators lower cost, improve safety, and have minimal impact on the environment. \nTo meet this growing need, Embry-Riddle continues to expand on the capabilities of its Advanced Flight Simulation Center. The center is home to an array of FAA-qualified Level 6 FTDs, as well as one FAA Level D Full-Flight Simulator (FFS) and a crosswind trainer. \nTraining aids found in our Advanced Flight Simulation Center enable our students to learn aircraft performance, practice Cockpit Resource Management (CRM), experience aerodynamic effects, and perform a variety of flight maneuvers in a safe, effective, and comfortable environment. \nWith 11 state-of-the-art Level 6 Flight Training Devices, a Regional Jet Level D FFS and a crosswind trainer, no other collegiate flight training program can match the capabilities and variety of systems available to our students. Located within Embry-Riddle’s Advanced Flight Simulation Center, our simulator/trainer “fleet” currently includes: \nFrasca Cessna 172S Flight Training Device (FTD) \nFrasca Diamond DA42 L-360 Flight Training Device (FTD) \nFrasca Canadair CRJ-200 FAA Level 6 Flight Training Device (FTD) \nCRJ-200 Level D Full-Flight Simulator (FFS) \nETC GAT-II Spatial Disorientation Training Device \nRedbird Xwind SE Crosswind Trainer 
29.187741
-81.051061
Fleet Maintenance Hangar 
The responsibility of keeping Embry-Riddle Daytona Beach’s fleet of training aircraft in top mechanical form falls on the university’s team of FAA Certified Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) technicians. \nWorking in the Fleet Maintenance Center, our A&Ps perform all scheduled and unscheduled inspections and maintenance on our fleet. Students in the Aviation Maintenance Science degree program will have the opportunity to work alongside these experienced technicians to gain invaluable experience. 
29.187266
-81.051747
Flight Operations  
Located adjacent to the ERAU Flight Line, the Flight Operations Center is the central point for all aircraft operations and student pre- and post-flight training activities with their instructors. \nThe Flight Ops Center boasts a state-of-the-art dispatch desk, real-time weather monitoring equipment, computer stations for flight planning, private oral rooms, and many other modern aviation conveniences designed to give our students everything they need for their pre-flight planning and preparation. Embry-Riddle Daytona Beach flight operations run seven days a week, 50 weeks a year (we only shut down for Fall/Spring semester breaks). The Flight Operations Center is open from 6 a.m. to midnight so our flight students have access to the airplane they need when they need it. \nThe Flight Ops Center can also track and record each aircraft’s flight. That information is often used during the student’s debriefing or can be accessed by the student to help reinforce the value of each lesson. 
29.186863
-81.051232
College of Business 
We provide a world-class Business education in Aviation/Aerospace with state-of-the-art curricula at both the graduate and undergraduate levels.  This education has proven to be successful in preparing our graduates to become leaders in the Aviation and Business industries. Our “Business of Flight®” approach is a strategic vision that will place our graduates on the leading edge of business leadership and innovation. 
29.187923
-81.050242
Willie Miller Instructional Center  

29.188630
-81.049986
Aviation Maintenance Sciences  
Students who thrive at the cutting edge of technology and want to take on the challenge of ensuring the integrity of aircraft carrying pilots, passengers, and precious cargo are right at home in the Department of Aviation Maintenance Science. The department offers several programs, including a Bachelor of Science in Aviation Maintenance, an Associate of Science in Aviation Maintenance, and a minor in Avionics Line Maintenance. \nAt the heart of each program lies the FAA Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) mechanic’s certification program. These highly hands-on degree A.S. and B.S. programs each include 47 credit hours of airframe and powerplant technical courses, plus the specific courses that will prepare graduates for meeting a growing demand for technicians to work for large aircraft manufacturers, airlines or commercial companies with small fleets, or contractors who overhaul and rebuild aircraft. Some also enter the growing field of avionics, working on unmanned aerial vehicles. \nThese students get plenty of real-life experience in the department’s Emil Buehler Aviation Maintenance Science Building. The 48,000-square-foot building is entirely dedicated to the training of airframe and powerplant technicians, with two of its three floors dedicated to labs. The department also has a hangar, turbine engine test cells, and several aircraft. 
29.186464
-81.050544
College of Aviation  
The College of Aviation degree programs meet the needs of aviation students of the 21st century and set the standard in high-level quality education demanded by the aviation profession. Our 100-plus faculty members and the courses in the COA's five departments — Aeronautical Science, Applied Aviation Science, Aviation Maintenance Science, Flight, and Doctoral and Graduate Studies — will prepare graduates to assume leadership roles in the global aviation industry and related fields.
29.187321
-81.049852
AMS Hangar  
The Aviation Maintenance Science (AMS) Hangar is the focal point for a wide variety of hands-on projects that occur on the department’s ramp-utilizing aircraft and powerplant training aides as part of the Aviation Maintenance Science degree program. The AMS Hangar is located adjacent to the Emil Buehler Aviation Maintenance Sciences Building. It houses state-of-the-art functional training aides and a variety of operating aircraft for test and operations. Students will use both the aircraft and hands-on trainers to gain valuable experience in the diverse sets of specialized skills needed to earn their FAA Airframe and Powerplant certificate.
29.186210
-81.050075
Test Cell l  

29.186034
-81.050420
Engine Test Cells  

29.185893
-81.050569
Canaveral Hall  

29.186849
-81.048835
College of Arts & Sciences  
The College of Arts & Sciences is a diverse learning community comprising five academic departments — Human Factors & Systems, Humanities & Communication, Mathematics, Physical Sciences, and Security Studies & International Affairs. The ever-evolving academic programs, state-of-the-art facilities, and bright, enthusiastic students are all part of an outstanding learning environment in COAS. Our faculty — more than 160 strong — are leaders in their fields and consistently recognized for outstanding research and teaching.
29.188231
-81.048173
Wellness Center - HDS  
Health Services is available to currently registered students of the Daytona Beach campus. We have a full-time team of five registered nurses available on a walk-in basis. A Physician Assistant, and Nurse Practitioner are available by appointment Monday through Friday, with limited hours on Sundays during the fall and spring semesters. A university physician is available from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on Mondays and Wednesdays by appointment. \n Health Services is supported by registration fees, so students can be seen and treated free of charge. There is no fee to be treated at Health Services, however if services outside of the University are needed, such as lab services, the student would be responsible. Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University's Health Services Department is located in the HDS Wellness Center in Building 500, across from Doolittle Hall.
29.191924
-81.050668
ROTC Center  
Reserve Officer Training Corps: ROTC is a four-year college elective program that trains students to become Air Force, Army, Navy, or Marine officers. Air Force, Army, and Navy ROTC programs offer you a chance to develop skills for success needed in both the military and civilian worlds, such as confidence to lead, motivation, strategic planning, and the ability to make decisions. \n Scholarships: Many of our students enroll with ROTC Scholarships, which may cover all or part of tuition, fees, and books, along with a monthly allowance. Some ROTC Scholarships are awarded to students after completion of their first year. Explore the sections below to learn more about what each branch offers.
29.192319
-81.049683
Wellness Center - Counseling  
The mission of the Counseling Center is to enhance the psychological well-being of Embry-Riddle students. We believe that good mental health is a key part of overall health, and good health is essential to academic success. We support students' academic experience by providing brief mental health counseling and consultation services that help them identify barriers, improve coping, and achieve personal and academic goals. \n College life is challenging and can be stressful. At some point during the college years, many students feel anxious, depressed, uncertain, confused, or overwhelmed. They may seek help from friends, family members, significant others, but in some cases, help from a trained professional is beneficial. The Counseling Center provides a calm, friendly, and supportive environment for students to address any issue or concern. \n Counseling is confidential and offered free of charge. All counseling contacts are strictly confidential in accordance with Florida state privacy laws. Counseling records are not available to anyone, either on or off campus, without the student's specific written permission. The only time confidentiality will be broken is in the case of a life threatening situation: when a student is at risk of harming him or herself or someone else, or when there is reason to believe a child, elderly person, or disabled person is being abused. Confidentiality may also be broken if a court order mandates that records be released. NOTE: Counseling notes are not part of a student's University records.
29.191704
-81.050432
Print Shop  

29.193871
-81.051530
Veteran's Affairs  
Our mission is to provide, facilitate, or coordinate programs to meet the needs of veterans, service members, dependents, and survivors of veterans in order to ease the transition to college life and fulfill their educational goals. \n The office is staffed with qualified counselors who provide a broad range of services; provide general and specific information about all benefits available to men and women who are serving or who have served in the armed forces; report enrollment information to authorize appropriate allowances; provide other advisory counseling and referral services; assist in resolving problems that may arise in the student's relations with the University and/or the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA); foster peer connections; and coordinate university and community support.
29.193337
-81.047628
Eagle Alumni Center  

29.193470
-81.050927
Crotty Tennis Complex  
The Ambassador E. William Crotty Tennis Complex is located north of the Sliwa Stadium and the ICI Center. This hard court features nine lighted tennis courts with an electronic scoreboard that can show set scores for six matches. Each court has bleachers for spectator seating and a newly installed shade structure for spectators on courts 1-6. \n The Crotty Tennis Complex is home to the Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University men’s and women’s tennis teams and hosts many college and amateur tennis tournaments. Courts 1-6 are used for match play and team practices. Courts 7, 8, and 9 are available to students, faculty, and staff on a first-come, first-served basis — except during varsity matches and practices (usually held between 2 p.m. and 7 p.m.). Lights automatically turn off at 11 p.m.
29.192958
-81.047267
Modular Building - Telescope  

29.193536
-81.047164
Track & Field Concession  

29.194255
-81.050862
Track & Field Bleachers  

29.194816
-81.049928
ROTC Obstacle Course  

29.193680
-81.049328
Multipurpose Artificial Turf Field  
The Multipurpose Turf Field is a regulation field for soccer, lacrosse, and intramural sports. The lighted field features a Daktronics electronic scoreboard and has a standard soccer playing area of 120x70 yards. The field is used by the University’s sports clubs and organizations, along with the ROTC. Reservations for this field can be made at the Department of Intramural and Recreational Sports in the ICI Center.
29.194372
-81.047894
Artificial Turf Softball Field  
This field was built to accommodate Embry-Riddle’s growing intramural softball program, which has about 25 teams competing. While built primarily as a regulation-sized softball field, it is large enough for flag football and soccer and features dugouts and an electronic scoreboard. The field is often used for kickball games and Ultimate Frisbee practice, and it is used by the radio-controlled model airplane club to fly their planes. Students, faculty, and staff can reserve this field by contacting the Department of Intramural and Recreational Sports in the ICI Center.
29.193225
-81.046108
Baseball / Softball Clubhouse  

29.191623
-81.045858
JPR Student Center & Admissions Visitor Center  

29.189457
-81.049506
ICI Center  
The ICI Center houses Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University’s Department of Athletics and the Department of Intramural and Recreational Sports. Located on Clyde Morris Boulevard directly across from the campus main entrance, the 50,000-square-foot facility is the centerpiece for campus recreation, athletics, and University functions such as graduation ceremonies, guest speakers, and concerts. \n The facility is home to Embry-Riddle’s men’s and women’s basketball and women’s volleyball teams, as well as intramural activities, club sports, and cheerleading. The multipurpose gymnasium features three basketball courts, three volleyball courts, and three badminton courts. \n The facility boasts a state-of-the-art sound system, a sports medicine center, and the Fletcher Fitness Center, which is equipped with strength training and cardiovascular equipment. The ICI Center also houses the Department of Athletics and the Department of Intramural and Recreational Sports. \n Surrounding the ICI Center are outdoor sports facilities, including baseball and soccer stadiums, tennis courts, lighted-lane running track, and multiple lighted fields for soccer, softball, lacrosse, and more. \n Students, faculty, and staff can check out sports and recreational equipment at no charge from the ICI Center front desk, and the facility is available for open recreation.
29.191261
-81.046744
Jim W Henderson Administration & Welcome Center 

29.189825
-81.048372
Sliwa Stadium 
The state-of-the-art facility features a field, which can be fully lit and a 36-foot Daktronics scoreboard. The scoreboard is located in the north corner of the field was installed prior to the 2016 season. \n The ballpark has dimensions of 330 feet down the left field line, 375 feet in the left-center field gap, 400 feet to straight-away center, 375 feet to right-center field, and 330 feet down the right field line. \n In the summer of 2015, Embry-Riddle celebrated the opening of the brand new ERAU Baseball/Softball Clubhouse along with the completion of the renovations at the ERAU Softball Stadium. \n Located between Sliwa Stadium and the ERAU Softball Stadium, the clubhouse primarily serves to support both the baseball and softball programs, with additional amenities for Sports Medicine as well as the athletics department as a whole. \n The 12,000-square foot facility includes offices for the baseball and softball coaching staffs along with locker rooms for both teams, as well as two officials’ locker rooms. In addition to the offices and locker rooms, the facility includes an athletic training room, a multipurpose conference room, laundry room and public restrooms.
29.191932
-81.046306
Soccer - Ticket Concession  

29.190943
-81.045819
Soccer Field Bleachers  

29.190561
-81.046043
Student Union (Under Construction)  

29.188001
-81.049333
Lehman College of Engineering  
The administrative offices and five academic departments of the College of Engineering reside in the Lehman Engineering and Technology Center. Additional educational and project labs for the Department of Mechanical Engineering are in the nearby M-building. \n In addition to traditional classrooms and laboratories for instruction and research, the Lehman Center offers computing resources and open workspaces facilitating collaborative development for interdisciplinary student teams. Hands-on learning and learning-by-doing are enabled through a variety of student-accessible laboratories with the tools for a complete engineering design-build-test project cycle. A fully functional Distance Learning and Lecture Capture Studio, for creating high-quality and effective learning modules to enhance teaching at all levels, is being installed on the third floor. \n Research facilities for full-sized aircraft flight test and development are located on the south side of the Daytona Beach airport at the Eagle Flight Research Center. An additional research center, the Next-Generation ERAU Advanced Research (NEAR) Laboratory, is located on the airport property adjacent to the primary campus. Undergraduate and graduate students collaborate with faculty at both of these research centers dedicated to solving real problems brought forward by industry.
29.189201
-81.047005
South Chiller  

29.188669
-81.046387
Admissions Operations  
With access to the world’s most comprehensive collection of academic programs focusing on aviation, aerospace, and security, a degree from Embry-Riddle will launch your career in a successful direction. Your first step to getting there is submitting your application. Our Admissions counselors are here to help you navigate the process of applying to and enrolling at Embry-Riddle, so don’t hesitate to call, email, or chat.
29.189258
-81.049097
Engineering Special Projects & Labs 
The space is designed to encourage creativity and collaboration among engineering students and design teams, and provides students with an open work space, tools for manufacturing, and finishing. \n The ESPC is available to all undergraduate engineering students involved in an ERAU engineering club and personal projects. The lab is run by the Engineering Fundamentals Program Coordinator, and is monitored by a graduate lab assistant (GLA); all use of the ESPC must be approved by one of these individuals. The use of any power equipment is only permitted after students have received safety training on the use of the equipment, including the Standard Operating Procedures, after which, the students can operate any equipment while under the supervision of the GLA. \n This laboratory is the primary home of several engineering design teams and student organizations, including the student chapter of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA)’s Design-Build-Fly and the Experimental Rocket Propulsion Lab (ERPL).
29.188589
-81.045235
Clyde Morris Multipurpose Field  
The Clyde Morris Multipurpose Fields are located at the south end of the University Sports Complex. This lighted area is the primary location for intercollegiate soccer team practices but is available for other uses upon request.
29.189565
-81.044879
Student Village (Adams, Wood, Tallman Commons)  
Both located in the Student Village on campus, Wood and Adams Hall are five-story buildings designated for first-year students. Each student room is furnished with two single beds with extra-long mattresses, a dresser, a desk and chair, a lockable box or drawer, and a small refrigerator and microwave. 
29.192778
-81.053016
Student Village (O'Conner & Stimpson) 
O’Connor Hall is located in the Student Village on campus, and offers apartment-style living for sophomores, juniors, seniors, and graduate students. Students in O’Connor Hall share four-bedroom apartments, with two students per bedroom. Each apartment includes two bathrooms,  living/dining room, and a kitchenette with a microwave and full-size refrigerator.  \nAlso located in the Student Village on Campus, Stimpson Hall features efficiency-style apartment living, primarily for sophomores, juniors, seniors, and graduate students. Each apartment has a bedroom, private bathroom,  separate study/living room, and a kitchen with a stove, microwave, and full-size refrigerator. 
29.193677
-81.053633
Richard Petty Multipurpose West Field 
This field is located west of Richard Petty Boulevard, across from the Student Village. The lighted, Bermuda grass facility is large enough to host three intramural games simultaneously, and each year it is used by 36-42 teams for fall flag football and spring soccer. It is the primary site for intramural flag football and soccer and has been used for Ultimate Frisbee tournaments and sorority sporting events. The Department of Intramural and Recreational Sports accepts requests for a limited number of special events.
29.193335
-81.054936
Richard Petty Multipurpose East Field 
This field, located just north of the Student Village, is an open recreation field used primarily by individuals and groups for soccer, flag football, open recreation, or intramural practices, with reservations though the Department of Intramural and Recreational Sports taking priority. It is the main playing space for rugby and cricket and is used by the Navy and Air Force for ROTC leadership labs.
29.195624
-81.054100