Corsair Hall

29.195885
-81.056100
North Chiller



New Residence Hall
The New Residence Hall opened in January 2017 and is located near the center of campus. This five-story facility offers suite-style living to first-year and upperclass students. Students have the option of a double or private room depending on availability. Each wing of the building has a lounge, study room, and laundry room. Half of the ground floor has been designed for community spaces with pool tables, TVs, study areas, and vending machines.
29.190627
-81.052970
Campus Safety
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University shares the concern of students and parents regarding safety on our campus. Accordingly, the Campus Safety & Security Department is actively engaged in collaborating with students, parents, employees, and the community to provide a safer University environment and to treat every individual with respect, fairness and compassion. 
29.190572
-81.053161
Apollo Hall
Designated for sophomore, junior, senior, and graduate students. The 256-bed residential suite-style facility is located just a short walking distance of the Eagle Fitness Center and Tine W. Davis Swimming Pool. Four students share a two-bedroom suite, two students per bedroom. The suite includes a split bathroom and a living room/dining room and kitchenette with a full-sized refrigerator and microwave.  
29.189270
-81.052410
Doolittle Hall
Doolittle Hall is a three-story residence hall typical of traditional university housing and is designated for first-year students. It is located near the center of campus near the Eagle Fitness Center and Tine W. Davis Swimming Pool. Basketball, tennis, and volleyball courts are nearby, as well as picnic tables and barbecue grills. 
29.190665
-81.051184
Bookstore
Show your Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University pride all year long with our authentic assortment of Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University collegiate apparel - including Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University t-shirts, sweatshirts, hats and more. Join the ranks of your fellow Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University students, alumni and team fanatics by sporting the ultimate Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University game day gear We've got Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University gift ideas covered, with options ranging from drinkware to diploma frames to Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University gift cards. Plus, our selection of textbooks, computers, and supplies will ensure every Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University student is prepared for success. 
29.189892
-81.051171
Mail Services
We provide convenience and assistance for all mail & shipping service needs to administration, faculty, http://news.erau.edu/news-briefs/virtual-technology-creates-bridge-for-distance-learning/staff & students ~ We sort & deliver all Incoming mail & packages to campus departments and  student mailboxes and receive & process all Outgoing mail & packages from campus departments in a safe, secure, accurate & timely manner ~ We provide our Counter customers with the most cost effective, reliable and secure method for their Outgoing postal and shipping needs ~ We provide our students with excellent counter services by assisting them with package pickup, mailbox assignments, mail forwarding, replacement keys, tracking requests and general questions 
29.188602
-81.053185
Undergraduate Research and Disability Services
Persons with disabilities can and do succeed in their pursuit of higher education.\nThe mission of Disability Support Services is to guide and support institutional compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act to ensure equal access for students with disabilities of the Daytona Beach and Worldwide Campuses.\nThe University acknowledges the confidential nature of students’ disability-related information and records and ascribes to the federal guidelines (Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act) that mandate control of and restrict access to such information. Note: Unless specifically contraindicated by another title, the confidentiality requirements of Title I of the ADA apply to all titles. 
29.190060
-81.050970
Eagle Fitness Center
The Eagle Fitness Center is located near the center of the Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Campus, offering students, faculty, and staff a convenient place to get in a workout between classes or take a study break in the sun beside the Tine W. Davis Swimming Pool.\nThe 12,000-square-foot Fitness Center houses state-of-the-art strength-training equipment from FreeMotion Fitness, Life Fitness & Hammer Strength, and Iron Grip. A cardio deck on the upper level houses treadmills, elliptical machines, stationary bikes, cross trainers, and rowing machines with integrated technology features such as TVs and iPod and USB connections with Internet connectivity.\nGroup fitness classes are held in a 2,500-square-foot group fitness room that overlooks the swimming pool. Classes vary per semester and include yoga, cycling, core training, Les Mills BODYPUMP, BODYCOMBAT, Zumba, and Boot Camp.\nFitness equipment available for use during classes includes steps, stability balls, BOSU balls, resistance bands, and free weights, as well as 20 spinner bikes.
29.190238
-81.050429
Student Financial Services  
The Student Financial Services Department strives to provide efficient, courteous and excellent customer service to our students, parents, staff and faculty. We offer a variety of services which are accessible online, or in person. Some of these services include: Billing of Tuition and Fees, Student Refunds, Payment Plan and Payroll Check Cashing. 
29.188305
-81.053166
Center For Faith & Spirituality
The Center for Faith and Spirituality and the Chaplain’s Office welcome students, staff, and faculty of all backgrounds, encouraging them in their lives of faith and providing them with opportunities to learn more about their own traditions as well as those of their fellow students and colleagues.\nLocated on the west side of campus near McKay Hall, the Center for Faith and Spirituality has five prayer and meditation rooms which are open to everyone from 6:00 a.m. until 10:00 p.m. The work of the Center includes: Helping students, staff, and faculty find a spiritual home on campus, Promoting healthy and respectful interfaith dialogue, Developing opportunities to live out one’s faith through service to the community, and Providing a home for our religious clubs and organizations. 
29.189352
-81.051039
Racquetball Court
The Racquetball Complex is located near the center of the Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Campus, across from the Eagle Fitness Center and Tine W. Davis Swimming Pool. The complex features four indoor, air-conditioned racquetball/handball courts, two with spectator viewing. The complex is also used for intramural Wallyball.\nCourts are open to students, faculty, staff, and accompanied guests at no charge. Racquetball reservations may be made at the front desk of the Eagle Fitness Center or by calling 386-323-8860. Racquetball rackets can be checked out for free at the Control Desk in the ICI Center, located across from the Campus entrance on Clyde Morris Boulevard. Two courts on the west side of the Racquetball Complex have been renovated to house martial arts for club sports. 
29.189512
-81.050646
Student Support Services, Global Engagement, Honors Program 
The Embry-Riddle Honors Program is highly selective, offering its student members enriched educational experiences. Emphasizing Honors course work in General Education and in the majors, the program involves selected faculty who develop innovative courses and establish mentoring relationships with students. The program is designed to attract and retain top students and to develop their communicative, analytical, critical, and research skills, nurturing a love of life-long learning, leadership and service.  \nAt the Office of Global Engagement, we are deeply passionate about helping students experience the world. Studying Abroad is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to not only visit another country, but to truly experience its culture. \nBefore picking the right program for you, here are some highlights of studying abroad: \nOpportunities around the globe \nSummer, semester, or yearlong programs \nTake courses that apply toward your major\nStudy in English or the native language \nJoin the Travelers Club to experience other cultures on campus \nDon't be a tourist, live abroad! 
29.189552
-81.050230
Advanced Flight Sim Center 
New-generation Flight Training Devices (FTDs) are increasingly valuable in today’s complex flight training environment. Simulators lower cost, improve safety, and have minimal impact on the environment. \nTo meet this growing need, Embry-Riddle continues to expand on the capabilities of its Advanced Flight Simulation Center. The center is home to an array of FAA-qualified Level 6 FTDs, as well as one FAA Level D Full-Flight Simulator (FFS) and a crosswind trainer. \nTraining aids found in our Advanced Flight Simulation Center enable our students to learn aircraft performance, practice Cockpit Resource Management (CRM), experience aerodynamic effects, and perform a variety of flight maneuvers in a safe, effective, and comfortable environment. \nWith 11 state-of-the-art Level 6 Flight Training Devices, a Regional Jet Level D FFS and a crosswind trainer, no other collegiate flight training program can match the capabilities and variety of systems available to our students. Located within Embry-Riddle’s Advanced Flight Simulation Center, our simulator/trainer “fleet” currently includes: \nFrasca Cessna 172S Flight Training Device (FTD) \nFrasca Diamond DA42 L-360 Flight Training Device (FTD) \nFrasca Canadair CRJ-200 FAA Level 6 Flight Training Device (FTD) \nCRJ-200 Level D Full-Flight Simulator (FFS) \nETC GAT-II Spatial Disorientation Training Device \nRedbird Xwind SE Crosswind Trainer 
29.187741
-81.051061
Fleet Maintenance Hangar 
The responsibility of keeping Embry-Riddle Daytona Beach’s fleet of training aircraft in top mechanical form falls on the university’s team of FAA Certified Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) technicians. \nWorking in the Fleet Maintenance Center, our A&Ps perform all scheduled and unscheduled inspections and maintenance on our fleet. Students in the Aviation Maintenance Science degree program will have the opportunity to work alongside these experienced technicians to gain invaluable experience. 
29.187266
-81.051747
Flight Operations  
Located adjacent to the ERAU Flight Line, the Flight Operations Center is the central point for all aircraft operations and student pre- and post-flight training activities with their instructors. \nThe Flight Ops Center boasts a state-of-the-art dispatch desk, real-time weather monitoring equipment, computer stations for flight planning, private oral rooms, and many other modern aviation conveniences designed to give our students everything they need for their pre-flight planning and preparation. Embry-Riddle Daytona Beach flight operations run seven days a week, 50 weeks a year (we only shut down for Fall/Spring semester breaks). The Flight Operations Center is open from 6 a.m. to midnight so our flight students have access to the airplane they need when they need it. \nThe Flight Ops Center can also track and record each aircraft’s flight. That information is often used during the student’s debriefing or can be accessed by the student to help reinforce the value of each lesson. 
29.186863
-81.051232
College of Business 
We provide a world-class Business education in Aviation/Aerospace with state-of-the-art curricula at both the graduate and undergraduate levels.  This education has proven to be successful in preparing our graduates to become leaders in the Aviation and Business industries. Our “Business of Flight®” approach is a strategic vision that will place our graduates on the leading edge of business leadership and innovation. 
29.187923
-81.050242
Willie Miller Instructional Center  

29.188630
-81.049986
Aviation Maintenance Sciences  
Students who thrive at the cutting edge of technology and want to take on the challenge of ensuring the integrity of aircraft carrying pilots, passengers, and precious cargo are right at home in the Department of Aviation Maintenance Science. The department offers several programs, including a Bachelor of Science in Aviation Maintenance, an Associate of Science in Aviation Maintenance, and a minor in Avionics Line Maintenance. \nAt the heart of each program lies the FAA Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) mechanic’s certification program. These highly hands-on degree A.S. and B.S. programs each include 47 credit hours of airframe and powerplant technical courses, plus the specific courses that will prepare graduates for meeting a growing demand for technicians to work for large aircraft manufacturers, airlines or commercial companies with small fleets, or contractors who overhaul and rebuild aircraft. Some also enter the growing field of avionics, working on unmanned aerial vehicles. \nThese students get plenty of real-life experience in the department’s Emil Buehler Aviation Maintenance Science Building. The 48,000-square-foot building is entirely dedicated to the training of airframe and powerplant technicians, with two of its three floors dedicated to labs. The department also has a hangar, turbine engine test cells, and several aircraft. 
29.186464
-81.050544
College of Aviation  

29.187321
-81.049852
AMS Hangar  

29.186210
-81.050075
Test Cell l  



Engine Test Cells  



Canaveral Hall  



College of Arts & Sciences  



Wellness Center - HDS  



ROTC Center  



Wellness Center - Counseling  



Print Shop  



Veteran's Affairs  



Eagle Alumni Center  



Crotty Tennis Complex  



Modular Building - Telescope  



Track & Field Concession  



Track & Field Bleachers  



ROTC Obstacle Course  



Multipurpose Artificial Turf Field  



Artificial Turf Softball Field  



Baseball / Softball Clubhouse  



JPR Student Center & Admissions Visitor Center  



ICI Center  



Jim W Henderson Administration & Welcome Center 



Sliwa Stadium 



Soccer - Ticket Concession  



Soccer Field Bleachers  



Student Union (Under Construction)  



Lehman College of Engineering  



South Chiller  



Admissions Operations  



Engineering Special Projects & Labs 



Clyde Morris Multipurpose Field  



Student Village (Adams, Wood, Tallman Commons)  
Both located in the Student Village on campus, Wood and Adams Hall are five-story buildings designated for first-year students. Each student room is furnished with two single beds with extra-long mattresses, a dresser, a desk and chair, a lockable box or drawer, and a small refrigerator and microwave. 


Student Village (O'Conner & Stimpson) 
O’Connor Hall is located in the Student Village on campus, and offers apartment-style living for sophomores, juniors, seniors, and graduate students. Students in O’Connor Hall share four-bedroom apartments, with two students per bedroom. Each apartment includes two bathrooms,  living/dining room, and a kitchenette with a microwave and full-size refrigerator.  \nAlso located in the Student Village on Campus, Stimpson Hall features efficiency-style apartment living, primarily for sophomores, juniors, seniors, and graduate students. Each apartment has a bedroom, private bathroom,  separate study/living room, and a kitchen with a stove, microwave, and full-size refrigerator. 


Richard Petty Multipurpose West Field 



Richard Petty Multipurpose East Field 


