Honors Program
The Embry-Riddle Honors Program is highly selective, offering its student members enriched educational experiences. Emphasizing Honors course work in General Education and in the majors, the program involves selected faculty who develop innovative courses and establish mentoring relationships with students. The program is designed to attract and retain top students and to develop their communicative, analytical, critical, and research skills, nurturing a love of life-long learning, leadership and service.
29.189627
-81.050403
Office of Global Engagement
Here at the Office of Global Engagement, we are deeply passionate about helping students experience the world. Studying Abroad is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to not only visit another country, but to truly experience its culture. Before picking the right program for you, here are some highlights of studying abroad: Opportunities around the globe, Summer, semester, or yearlong programs, Take courses that apply toward your major, Study in English or the native language, Join the Travelers Club to experience other cultures on campus, Don't be a tourist, live abroad
29.189512
-81.050300
Fraternity and sorority life office
Fraternity & Sorority Life at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University is part of the Student Engagement and Student Union Office within the Division of Student Affairs. \n Our community consists of fourteen national fraternities and sororities that are supported by three governing councils.
29.189125
-81.049416
WIKD
The WIKD 102.5 FM is a college radio station owned by Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University. It is Daytona Beach’s only free format radio station playing top 40, alt rock, electronic music, and indie.\n The station is completely student run and funded by students allowing it to be commercial free. In 2013, it launched on iHeart Radio becoming one of the very few college stations to stream on the nation’s most popular streaming app.\n For more information, visit our at www.wikd1025.com. Our meetings are every Wednesday at 7 p.m. in COAS 206.
29.189100
-81.049418
The Avion
Founded in the spring of 1969 under the editorship of Ms. Linda Colgan, The Avion Newspaper has a legacy of over 4 decades in the aviation and aerospace industry. Our reporters and photographers have been covering events since the Apollo program and continue to cover routine launches and major events such as advancements in the Orion/SLS program. With connections to NASA, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Daytona International Speedway, multiple aviation and air show authorities, and many departments on campus, The Avion provides coverage of all things Embry-Riddle students love.\n Interested in contributing to The Avion Newspaper? Check out our “Join” page to found out how!\n The Avion Newspaper is a division of the Student Government Association and receives all benefits entitled to it under its affiliation.
29.189084
-81.049334
Orientation and family relations
Through university-wide collaboration, Orientation programming is designed to set university expectations and guidelines up front, while providing students information on valuable resources, services, support and social networking opportunities that will assist them through their time at ERAU. \n Family Relations serves as a partnership between a student’s support network and the university. The Department of Student Activities & Campus Events provides programs and services designed to enhance the support and retention of students by meeting the educational, informational and involvement needs of their parents, families and guardians.
29.189104
-81.049271
Touch N Go Production
Touch-N-Go Productions is the student-run entertainment division of the Student Government Association. As a division of the SGA, we strive toward bringing many different forms of entertainment to campus including magicians, hypnotists, comedians, and more. Touch-N-Go is also pleased to offer support to student organizations and faculty departments on campus. Our organization is comprised of hard working students that constantly work to provide Embry-Riddle with top-of-the-line entertainment. \n Several artists that Touch-N-Go Productions have brought to Embry-Riddle in the past are:\n Gabriel Iglesias, Theory of a Deadman, Stephen Lynch, Daniel Tosh, Bowling for Soup, Carlos Mencia, Bo Burnham, Third Eye Blind, All American Rejects, Lifehouse, and Augustana
29.189132
-81.049269
Student Engagement
The Department of Student Engagement and Student Union offers educational, cultural, intellectual, recreational, and spiritual programming, as well as opportunities for leadership development, self-governance, and campus entertainment. \n Our department serves the students of ERAU by providing unique co-curricular opportunities, resources, and services to maximize their educational experiences to allow for holistic growth and development. We believe that the involved student demonstrates academic success, is connection to the University through community, and is prepared to obtain their real-world goals. \n Within the department, there are many different offices in which students can be involved. These include: Campus Activities, Civic Engagement/The Volunteer Network, Leadership Development, Club Sports, Fraternity & Sorority Life, International Student Programming, Orientation, Student Government Association, Student Organizations, Student Union.
29.189132
-81.049269
Student Government Association
The Student Government Association is committed to serving the ERAU student body through a variety of projects and services. These projects and services are carried out and/or provided by one or more of the following: \n SGA Branches: Student Finance Board, Student Representative Board, Student Court \n SGA Divisions: The Avion (campus newspaper), WIKD 102.5 FM (campus radio station), Touch-N-Go Productions (student entertainment board) \n You can be a part of the SGA through several ways. First-year students are encouraged to join First Year Initiative. Any student can serve on an SGA committee as a Member-At-Large. All students are encouraged to join one of the SGA Divisions. \n For those students interested in holding an elected position, the SGA elections are held during the spring semester. Students can run for positions on the SGA Executive Board, the Student Representative Board, and the Student Finance Board. \n The SGA is always interested in hearing your opinion and can often help you find solutions to campus challenges. Feel free to submit a suggestion in any of the yellow "Campus Suggestion" boxes or come by the Student Representative Board meetings held on Tuesdays at 12:45 p.m. in the IC Auditorium during the fall and spring semesters.
29.189132
-81.049269
Office of Undergraduate Research (IGNITE)

29.190021
-81.051073
Campus Saftey and Security
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University shares the concern of students and parents regarding safety on our campus. Accordingly, the Campus Safety & Security Department is actively engaged in collaborating with students, parents, employees, and the community to provide a safer University environment and to treat every individual with respect, fairness and compassion. \n While no campus can guarantee the complete safety of its community, we can work together to provide the safest possible environment. We encourage all University community members to start taking responsibility for their own safety and security. By accepting this responsibility, members of the University community assist in maintaining a safer and more secure academic environment. \n The University complies with the federally mandated Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Police and Campus Statistics Act, state requirements for an Annual Assessment of Physical Plant Safety and the three-year compilation of annual crime statistics. A report is sent to the State Department of Education and the U.S. Department of Education. Crime Statistics are compiled from Campus Safety & Security incident reports and monitoring with Daytona Beach Police Department. The statistics are prepared on a calendar year basis and then used to produce the tables found in this report. \n A copy of this crime statistics report can be obtained in the Campus Safety & Security Administrative Office.
29.190515
-81.053175
Financial Aid
When it comes to educational funding, you have options. You don’t have to let tuition fees deter you from pursuing your goals or living your dreams. A degree from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University is more than a piece of paper. It is an investment into your future. Our Financial Aid representatives are here to help you and your family leverage the variety of scholarships, loans, and financial aid programs designed to fund that investment.
29.188323
-81.053174
Student Financial Services (Bursar's Office)
The Student Financial Services Department (formerly Bursar Department) strives to provide efficient, courteous and excellent customer service to our students, parents, staff and faculty. We offer a variety of services which are accessible online, or in person. Some of these services include: Billing of Tuition and Fees , Student Refunds, Payment Plan, Payroll Check Cashing.
29.188344
-81.053047
Student Employment
The Student Employment Office provides assistance to students seeking part-time employment on or off campus. On-campus employment is available to students regardless of financial need. Working on or off campus not only gives students more financial support, but also helps them develop self-confidence, gain valuable employment and credit references, establish a work record, and acquire useful skills in time management, financial planning, and communication. Once students are registered at the Daytona Beach Campus they may seek employment by visiting our office or by viewing all available positions via our online system. Students must provide original documentation to prove identity and employment eligibility prior to employment.
29.188344
-81.053047
Mail Center
We provide convenience and assistance for all mail & shipping service needs to administration, faculty, staff & students ~ We sort & deliver all Incoming mail & packages to campus departments and student mailboxes and receive & process all Outgoing mail & packages from campus departments in a safe, secure, accurate & timely manner ~ We provide our Counter customers with the most cost effective, reliable and secure method for their Outgoing postal and shipping needs ~ We provide our students with excellent counter services by assisting them with package pickup, mailbox assignments, mail forwarding, replacement keys, tracking requests and general questions. \n The Mail Center Staff is a committed and dedicated group and would like to thank you for allowing us to provide you with your postal & shipping needs.........
29.188616
-81.053158
Housing and Residence Life
The Department of Housing & Residence Life at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Daytona Beach is committed to supporting students' personal and professional growth as part of their residential experience. We create positive, safe, and inclusive residence hall communities that promote a culture of academic achievement. \n Living on campus is an exciting opportunity for Embry-Riddle students. All first-year students live on campus with a lot of sophomores, juniors, and seniors. Our seven residence halls and one off-campus housing complex are a great way to make positive and lasting friendships. In the words of a student of Class 2016, "Without a doubt, living on campus is my favorite thing about being in college." \n Living with other students in the residence halls can also be an important part of your academic success at Embry-Riddle. It's a fact that students who live in campus housing have a higher grade point average and are more likely to be successful overall in college than students who live off campus. \n Housing & Residence Life staff strive to support a positive living and learning environment through programs and events in the residence halls. Living on campus will keep you involved with the university and connected to new friends.
29.192801
-81.053131
Counseling Center
The mission of the Counseling Center is to enhance the psychological well-being of Embry-Riddle students. We believe that good mental health is a key part of overall health, and good health is essential to academic success. We support students' academic experience by providing brief mental health counseling and consultation services that help them identify barriers, improve coping, and achieve personal and academic goals. \n College life is challenging and can be stressful. At some point during the college years, many students feel anxious, depressed, uncertain, confused, or overwhelmed. They may seek help from friends, family members, significant others, but in some cases, help from a trained professional is beneficial. The Counseling Center provides a calm, friendly, and supportive environment for students to address any issue or concern. \n Counseling is confidential and offered free of charge. All counseling contacts are strictly confidential in accordance with Florida state privacy laws. Counseling records are not available to anyone, either on or off campus, without the student's specific written permission. The only time confidentiality will be broken is in the case of a life threatening situation: when a student is at risk of harming him or herself or someone else, or when there is reason to believe a child, elderly person, or disabled person is being abused. Confidentiality may also be broken if a court order mandates that records be released. NOTE: Counseling notes are not part of a student's University records.
29.191671
-81.050520
Dean of Students
The Dean of Students Office has responsibility for developing and implementing a comprehensive student development program to strengthen students experience outside the classroom. Areas reporting to the Dean of Students Office are: Student Activities & Campus Events, University Student Center, MyVets, Counseling Center, Health Services, Disability Services, and Conference Services. Three Pillars form the foundation for our work: Safe Eagle, Honor Code, and Soar. Using the foundation of these pillars we encourage empowerment through leadership, civility, integrity, respect and inclusion. “Students First” is our motto. That belief is our guide as we provide advocacy, guidance and resources for all Embry-Riddle Students. \n Campus Awareness, Response, and Evaluation Team (C.A.R.E) \n The mission of the C.A.R.E. Team is to collaboratively address and respond to issues concerning the health, safety, and well-being of ERAU students. The C.A.R.E. Team meets regularly to identify, assess, and respond to students of concern and/or potential threats to the campus community. Toward that end, Embry-Riddle should support a culture of reporting “see something, say something” and utilize the C.A.R.E. Team appropriately for a safer community.
29.189193
-81.049250
Office of Records and Registration
The Office of Records and Registration provides academic support for students from matriculation through graduation and beyond. Our team ensures accuracy and confidentiality of academic records while providing appropriate access to students, faculty, and other internal and external constituents. We strive for continuous improvement by embracing emerging technologies and best practices in enrollment, records maintenance, reporting, and policy interpretation and implementation. Our focus on exemplary student service contributes to the success of our students in their academic pursuits and in their future careers as global citizens and leaders in the aerospace industry. \n Spring & Fall hours: 8:00am to 4:00pm \n Summer hours: 8:00am to 5:00pm
29.189857
-81.049729
EAGLEcard
Your EAGLE Card is your Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University identification card, access card and debit card. It's an easy and safe way to make purchases and use services on campus and at select off-campus merchants. Students can manage their EAGLEcard accounts in Blackboard. Just log in to ERNIE, click on ‘Go to Blackboard home’, and select the EAGLEcard tab. Guest Deposits can be made by going to Guest Deposit - ERAU EAGLEcard. \n IT'S AN ID CARD \n Your EAGLEcard will identify you as an affiliate of the University, whether as a student, visitor, contractor or faculty/staff member. The ID will be required to be presented whenever you attend any school activity, library, events, games, voting, or department for services. \n IT'S AN ACCESS CARD \n If you reside in on-campus University Housing, your will proEAGLEcard vide you access to the residence halls. Also, certain labs and buildings require the use of an EAGLEcard for entry. \n IT'S A DEBIT CARD \n Your EAGLEcard has several debit accounts on it and they are managed by the University. It has EAGLE Dollars, Meal Plan, and Riddle Bucks all on one Card. Debit Card purchases can be made at: the University Bookstore, vending machines, copiers, Food Courts, laundry machines, the Einstein Brothers Bagel Shop in the Student Village, the Flight Payment Station and at select off-campus merchants.
29.189344
-81.049011
Career Services
Explore all the ways in which you can develop your career insight, co-op/internship prowess and job search expertise. \n One-on-one career advising: schedule an appointment to meet your Program Manager to collaborate on your career development \n EagleHire access: activate your account as soon as you start classes, all new ERAU students; for our continuing students, actively utilize the system for your co-op/internship and/or full-time job search with single sign-on access through ERNIE! \n Cooperative Education/Internship Program: statistics have proven the importance of completing co-ops and internships; start the process of preparing for the experiential opportunity by meeting with your Program Manager, even if you are only just considering a co-op or internship \n On-campus interviews and information sessions: great companies come to campus year-around to host events and conduct interviews \n Annual Industry/Career Expo: this exhibition brings many employers to campus in the fall and serves as a springboard for additional recruiting events such as information sessions and interviews\n Resume and cover letter critiques: get feedback on your job search documentation, which is imperative to do before you submit anything to potential employers
29.189100
-81.049443
Chaplain's Office
The Center for Faith and Spirituality hosts two spiritual leaders, Reverend David Keck and Father Tim Daly, on campus. The Chaplains support all students, faculty, and staff regardless of their religious beliefs. Students can visit the Chaplains when they want to discuss spirituality, moral questions, or life's challenges.
29.189470
-81.051047
Dining Services
While you’re busy attending classes, studying, working or participating in activities, finding great food is never a problem with Dining Services at the Embry-Riddle Daytona Beach campus. Dining options ranging from Einstein Bagels to an all-you-can-eat buffet are conveniently located near dorms and classrooms and open from 7 a.m. to as late as 1 a.m. Low-fat, vegetarian, vegan, and kosher meals are available, and a variety of dining plans are available to fit every student’s needs.
29.189415
81.04952
Embry-riddle Language Institute (ERLI)
The Embry-Riddle Language Institute is an intensive English program providing English language instruction and cultural orientation to non-native speakers of English with 6 starting points per year (2 in spring, 2 in summer, and 2 in fall) \n If you desire to become more proficient in listening, speaking, reading, and writing the English language, this intensive English program is for you. \n Students can be granted full admission to the university pending completion of the program and/or a passing TOEFL or IELTS score, assuming they meet all other university admission requirements. Concurrent enrollment in ERLI and the university is also available for eligible students. \n Other benefits of our program include field trips and social events through the International Student Programming Council, full access to Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University facilities, and special topics courses such as Aviation Topics and Academic Topics. \n ERLI provides English language instruction to students who are not college bound.
29.189442
-81.050196
First Year Programs
First Year Programs consists of a team of academic advisors, peer mentors and student ambassadors, dedicated to helping new students at Embry-Riddle. We work together with faculty, staff and parents, focusing on student success: academically, professionally and socially. \n Through various programs and activities, we guide students through their transition to university life. First Year Programs helps students find what they need to be successful at Embry-Riddle and in life.
29.188246
-81.050438
Lost and Found

29.189344
-81.049011
Intramural and Recreational Sports
The Intramural and Recreational Sports Department is made up of Intramural Sports, Fitness Center, Sports Complex Facilities (ICI Center & Outdoor Sports Facilities). \n In addition to those areas we also sell discount theme park tickets. Such as: Disney, Universal, Busch Gardens, Sea World, Wet n' Wild, Daytona Lagoon, Kennedy Space Center, Medieval Times, Sleuths Mystery Dinner Show, Blue Man Group, Legoland, Crayola Crayon \n Ticket availability is limited. We accept cash & checks from faculty & staff. We only cash from students. Bring your Eagle Card! To check on ticket availability & prices call 386-226-6530. \n Lastly, at our front desk area you can check out sports equipment. We have: Basketballs, Camping Tents, Coolers, Footballs, Racquetball Racquets, Soccer Balls, Tennis Racquets, Tug of War Rope. \n To check something out all you have to do is go to the front desk of the ICI Center during business hours with your Eagle Card. For more information call 386-226-7731.
29.191090
-81.046958
Academic Advancement Center
The Academic Advancement Center offers free tutoring in math, physics, chemistry and writing to undergraduate students in general education courses. We are now located on the 1st floor of the College of Arts and Sciences (under the dome)
29.188442
-81.048199